The story designer was ranked first, but he moved there with negative motives.
Although you have to sleep, you can't eat ducks and pigeons.
You make it impossible for Bu Chang to eat ducks and pigeons. You make it impossible for Bu Chang to eat ducks and pigeons. You make it impossible for Bu Chang to eat ducks and pigeons. You make it impossible for Bu Chang to eat ducks and pigeons.
I can’t eat duck or pigeon if I don’t eat it often.
You make Bu Chang unable to eat ducks and pigeons,
You make Bu Chang unable to eat pigeons,
You make Bu Chang unable to eat pigeons, you make Bu Chang unable to eat pigeons,
You make Bu Chang unable to eat
look at the standard
It’s hard to appreciate the works of some people
What did you say?
You start with this
His body is right
A small design of yours is
How could it be possible to design something so good?
What will happen? OK
It’s not design, it’s gourmet food
what is mine